Review doc:

     First, we need to change the login main page that says review coaching plans or
         something like that on the main humanedge.health site to direct that link to
         www.omegalongevity.com and you can discard the old page that was there.

     We need to get this changed to the new color scheme and also make it so we can choose
         to "not show this again" (which i assume would be a cookie ... so we want it to show
         again on other devices)... we also would need a link somewhere to "Install App on
         Phone" or whatever we want to word it, in case somebody X's it out on their phone and
         then later realized they wanted to do that, but now they can't find the install option.

     I think this is on the looong document list, but I dont know if we want/need "program
         assignment" because everything is custom... Also, I don't really know how it actually
         links into the app/experience/coaching... If you could help me understand that, I can
         decide on if we want to keep it. AFter all, we may want to get to a point where we have
         "cookie cutter" templates ready for multiple "Programs" (program assignments)

     Im curious is this is still necessary, again wondering what it links back to and why

     I think i have in the long document (if not add it) that I want to configure differnet
         categories as "client buys" and make them be sync'able, similar to the check all/uncheck
         all in each category (which is super handy)... For example, everything in this category
         90% of the time will be "Client buys" and its a pain and I always mess up on some of
    these.

         o On that same note, i believe its on the doc, but the full list of what the client gets
             was not super helpful before, just FYI

 These can probably be removed. The coaching package is really never used and i think its
    pointless. Coaching PRICE is included in the protocol so its not necessary here

 I need to verify that in the "Protocol Items" list, that the things marked ND (non-
    discountable) are not being discounted in the other discount screen

 I believe all of these were included in the document on what to do with them, if not let
    me know

 Did I say what to do with the PDF's? I dont think I like them. They are ugly and don't
    give all the info.
 Also not sure what Copy Link is useful for
 Templates and Program Assignments are confusing (see above as well about Program

    assignments)
 Sometimes there is a "wait" blue screen that pops up. ZBecause the app is so much faster,

    its very rare... but when it does show, its the old formatting & colors.
 Im trying to sign in with client account jason@sossupport.net but I am not getting the

    reset email... I checked junk folder, and the corporate spam filter system - its not

    anywhere.
 This seems to be working GREAT!

 This doesn't seem to have the google places address population system
 I added a new user for client testing, and I am not getting the welcome email- again i

    checked spam
 Needs centgered
 Launchpad - Please check my notes in the big doc... i want to think that I said to remove
    all this (except the featured podcast guest)

 The rest of that page is the OLD branding - also the testimonials probably need updated
    to simply match the new testimonials site?
 This needs to goto calendly link

 I think big document said to make changes
         o Skim it down per the doc
         o remove My Inventory

 I want this to gather data from the weekly checkins when people put their weight etc. in it

 Omega Longevity Peptide Coach
         o This may be the wrong formatting?
 This should be "Join or Login"
 BEYOND THAT THE DASHBOARD ESTHETICS IS GREAT!!
 SETTINGS:
 I think this is wrong, need to copy the peptidecoach.pro info (gmail)

 Templates:
     This is awesome
     This seems great, a little above my head and wondering if 829 is where we want to be or

         is it gonna go lower (again, not sure what it means)
     So does this mean we have one client record/user record etc. for any and all of the

         same client? if so, that is so great

     In summary, what percentage of the master doc we made for you is complete? I estimate
         about 25-50%? Just curious and I dont expect you to have the answer completely - just
         ballpark estimate

Great work!!
AND -- Vilma Brehonio shared this with me, which I believe takes care of alot of my thoughts above!
