1.Farjad khalil - ok yes understood. So the 12 month program is something that I built out for 3-4 clients
and although we used it at the beginning, they don't do their weekly checkins and the program got out
of sorts on their end. Also it was so much work its not something ill offer anymore.. I will however offer
them the friends and family coaching discount monthly option.

So, i think we can kill it off. Also, their goals have changed thru the year so we didn't follow that
template anyway (we generally have followed the theme, but this hasn't done much help)

2.Reset Protocol Approval -
This sounds beneficial. Highly beneficial. BUT the inventory thing sounds like a PITA. Is there a way we
can have it reset inventory?
3.OK I have a new feature that came across my mind this morning at the gym. I always get my ideas
when I am alone or on vacation and not on any screens or todo lists LOL

     one thing i am constantly struggling with is the client journey when clients are more then 3
         months into it...
              o In other words, client hires for 3 month protocol - easy peazy
              o If they hire us for a renewal, its generally pretty easy, cause I can revert back to old
                   messaging threads and the old protocol - but its starting to lose some efficiency
              o If client is on a 3rd protocol or beyond - this is getting messy. I am losing valuable
                   information from phase1, or phase 2 etc...
                         What I think would be beneficial is the following idea: Having a "Client Journey
                             Notes" type input area where I can put a timestamped note anytime/anywhere.
                             This would be visible and useable on the checkins, on the client main page and
                             even all the client sub pages...
              o EXAMPLE IDEAS (ALL OF THE CLIENT PAGES SUCH AS)
o
o
o
o

o And perhaps the most important for day to day/week to week is the client checkins
o

o WHY THIS IS CRUCIAL

          I have to remember alot of things in my head. This doesn't scale. I need a
              notepad/jot area for noting critical pieces - maybe future ideas, future plans,
              information that needs to be seen regularly, etc...

o ON THIS SAME NOTE but DIFFERENT ISSUE:

          I need a better client check-in work flow. The current one in the OLD app i told
              you to remove, is the client corner. Its far superior the to client checkins
              (although it has major issues) ... but its way more convenient. I believe we need
              to work over the client check-ins section to makeit more efficient (use the loom
              video as well here for ideas)...

o ON ANOTHER NOTE FOR CLIENT CHECKINS

          I think one thing that I am always trying to recreate is how we run our I.T.
              business. Every client is different. But we decide on what they need, and we put
              in place the "contracts" and the contracts handle everything else. In this case,
              it's almost like "ok client needs these things, so these are the things we are
              watching out for (like the built in templates, but taking it a step further)... So, for
              example maybe we give one client 10% off on ALL orders from us. Maybe we
              are doing monthly friends and family coaching not the flagship. Etc. IDK - a way
                             to take multiple variables and concise it down into 1 program input that sets the
                             tone for teh client long term and would be applicable to the clietn as a whole,
                             not just to the existing protocol. Does this make sense?
4. Also I need to be able to snap and paste a screenshot into all messaging/chats
5.Issue/Efficiency:

     currently replying to a text thread.
     I now have to open a new browser, and goto the client, goto INTAKE FORM and see what her

         goals are. Then i have to goto the Protocol, PREVIEW it, and see if NAD+ was in the plan for her.
     I need a better way to do this. Thats super inefficient
6. This says "invited" but not "Linked" like the others. Yet it says paid. and her protocol is active. This is
confusing, probably buggy. (maybe its fixed)
