Jason

     We need to be able to make the coaching process more efficient (see Loom)... This is one
         of the two most CORE parts of this business and what I do.
             o https://www.loom.com/share/03cd5bb43c744cf6816836a1661ad51b

     We should be able to have privacy in our chats in the app. So, what if I want to send
         something private to Erling or Ryan? Maybe they have private questions about Libido or
         something? I don't know how this could integrate I don't want to overcomplicate either

     If I send a message in the universal chat, I want it to show my name. If Lisa does, her
         name, etc. Also, it would be cool if we could CHANGE the name who its coming from so
         if i want to impersonate Lisa I could (this would simply be for setting boundaries on who
         responds to what but we can still cover each others back? Maybe overkill)

     We need to be able to have roles per person in the app. Kari = access to fulfillment and
         the original protocol sometimes she needs to see original protocol to confirm things.
             o There are things in fulfillment that if she could link to or have access to easier it
                  would help her.

     See if we have the ability for clients to access a peptide calculator in the app that we
         could link to chats? This is because we are constantly training people on how many ML's
         to add, how many units for xx MCG or MG.

     I need more history and everything in my coaching check-in process
             o See loom above, first bullet point

     I need to be able to have more flexibility over creating a custom order!! Our custom
         orders are pretty restrictive
             o Our prices are not accurate on a lot of products which doesn't make sense on
                  where the pricing came from
             o We have no way to easily see the shipping address or CHANGE it in this process
                  ­ allow client to update address in checkout
             o We don't have a place to add custom notes(internal option and client facing
                  options).
             o We can't CHANGE the address ­ and the client needs an OPTION to change the
                  address during the checkout process. ANd give them the option to change the
                  address permanently in their client record or just for this one shipment

     I need to be able to build custom check-in questions when building a new protocol ­ that
         would be ideal. If their goal is energy, I want to use a different CHeck-in TEMPLATE vs
         Weight loss, and so on.
 I need the client check-ins to be easier/faster for them. Most questions need to be required
    but if we could consolidate into a few screens instead of 8-10 screens where you have to
    click next every time. (see Loom)

 We need to have a master list in the app where things get assigned to other people

         o For example, I'll get texts from Shan, Lisa. I'll get Teams msgs from Kari, or Lisa
             or Vee. I'll get Voxer messages. I'll get text/voxer messages directly from clients.
             I need a central place to delegate action items/todo's to the team members.

                   It would be amazing if we could build in phone support for Siri to be able
                      to add action items/assign to them to somebody as we think about them on
                      the fly or get a text from a client. This would be awesome but probably
                      super-next-level and not possible.

 The client dashboard needs an overhaul, and only necessary info needs there

 If a client adds a progress photo, a less important notification for Jason & Lisa would be
    nice to have or just a notice somewhere on their checkin screen where we can see a list of
    photos that we could click on. I didn't realize client name Erling LaSelle had dozens of
    photos until a few weeks ago. Also, the photos display very large and not awesome. I
    imagine the ability to upload them is not super easy. Very few clients have ever done it,
    its probably a pain.

 Lets get the color and font scheme updated to match www.omegalongevity.com

 MY ACTION ITEMS ­ per person... no adoption on this yet. Is it done right? Needs
    optimized.

 We want to get Twilio for SMS texting integrated somehow and somehow choose
    between messaging via text and messages/email but we dont want to make it complicated
    in any way. If we texted them, and they reply, could it still go into the same messages?

 How are you going to be able to import all the history/data from the last couple months
    from Peptidecoach.pro when we go live? Is this something you can setup now a sync, so
    it starts populating the old data AND when we add more stuff to peptide coach it
    replicates? (Messages, protocols, coaching results, etc...)? Whats the plan of attack on
    this.

         o Update after our meeting this does represent a significant challenge. TBD.
     Broadcasting messagesto everybody is important feature to add. (i.e. Jason is out of the
         office X dates, reach out to LIsa)

     COMPARE TO AUTOTASK ­ SHARE EXAMPLE

     SUPER ADMIN button to switch

     ACTION ITEMS FOR CLIENTS ­ during checkin responses OR chats

     Protocol build (SEE LOOM)
             o 2 months (8 weeks)
             o 3 months (12 weeks)
             o 6 months (24 weeks)
             o Program Assignment - seems unnecessary remove but remove dependancies
             o Payment reminders - seems unnecessary remove
             o CLIENT BUYS - I need to be able to permanently on the fly make DEFAULT
                  line items be CLIENT BUYS or WE SHIP...
             o Sleep & Stress self ratings are messed up i.e. 7/5 (should be 7/10???)

     LOOM LINK #2 - PROTOCOL BUILD SHOWING ISSUES TO SOLVE
             o https://www.loom.com/share/4cab401be31842afb1e1ac86656705a4

Lisa

     We need a place to show credits to account (when overcharges, etc happen) and if this
         could be applied at checkout, that would be amazing!

     Need an at-a-glance place that shows date of strategy call, kickoff date, kick off call date,
         end date, and final call. Reminders/highlights for scheduling would be amazing! (I.e. an
         alert 2 weeks prior that scheduling link needs to be sent)

     Ability to add/remove tasks and subtasks in individual projects / revisions from the
         Master template for one-off circumstances.
     Moving chat to the top of client dashboard for easier access - this is a primary resource      Formatted: Font color: Auto
         that they use.
                                                                                                    Formatted: Indent: Left: 1.27 cm,
     Ability to edit messages in chat.                                                              No bullets or numbering
     Photos uploaded to chat do not work (this may be fixed already?)                               Formatted: Font: (Default) Arial, 11
     Discrepancies in protocol pricing Totals, invoices, etc.                                       pt
     Custom orders Internal Notes do not show up anywhere but in custom orders.
     Is it possible to have separate scheduling links to send to clients within the app that will

         direct them to schedule the appropriate session? (i.e. kickoff session, three-week check-
         in, final call)
     Possibly a way to tag others in places such as internal notes?
     Is it possible to have the packing slips break down via Omega Orders / drop ships once
         they are tagged to where they are coming from? Sometimes this includes multiple drop
         ship vendors.

             o We need to be able to track each drop ship somewhere too in an efficient way.
     Payment notification for custom orders so we know they are ready for shipping (we

         currently have to just monitor it so we can notify Kari it is ready for shipment or so we
         can place the drop ship order)
         o

Kari

The packing slip should be for the fulfillment person. Easier to read without questioning. For
example, include shipping instructions, the shipping address, and a list of products that are in
inventory--excluding the membership fee or other products that I do not carry, if possible. Also,
the amount of shipping insurance somewhere not on the packing slip. Somewhere. To access the
invoices.

Link pirate shipping to the software. If it can be done.

Inventory seems to be off at times.

Shannon

     I want one place/screen where I can do almost if not everything for my role
             o Or maybe 1 screen for new leads/pipeline
             o One screen for existing clients for relationship building
             o One screen for old clients (or part of the pipeline) to do check-ins to see if they
                  want to do more coaching.

     Know where (stage) every client is in their journey

-----------------------------------

TEAM & SETTINGS ASSIGNMENTS/FEEDBACK
Go = Get rid of it
Keep = I think its useful
You decide = I just want you to do whatever you think is best (go/keep)

     Audit Logs - go
     calendly - keep
     categories - keep (foundational to protocols)
     coaching promos - keep
     conact admin - go
     data integrity - go
     email branding - keep but simplify
     Email Engagemetn - go
     email preview - nice to look at but cant change it (LINK TO EMAIL BRANDING???)
     Forms editor - keep
     Integrations - Keep
     Launchpad settings - get rid of this, clean up launchpad or get rid of launchpad - replace

         it with OUR landing page per role/user? BUT the clients have their own launchpad right?
         How would this work? Review their launchpad and see what you think. The idea behind
         it was to give them a single page where they can be reminded about 1. Omega Elite link
         for community & how to videos etc. 2. Peptidepro app - the web/phone app where their
    daily calendar sites 3. get rid of practitioner they dont need to see this 4. Omega Free -
    get rid of 5. Trusted partners - this can simply link to omegalongevity.com/resoures 6.
    Podcast - yeah, this is a cool thing to promote and keep 7. real client real results - maybe
    the sizzle reel here or some better testimonial exceprts but LINK to
    omegalongevity.com's testimonial page which is way better 8. see coaching plans - this
    can be less pronounced, and lead to omegalongevity.com/coaching-paths 9.
    EVERYTHING ABOVE YOur Ecossytem Platform is irrelevant.

 Masterclass videos - the masterclass is now hosted on GHL on omegalongevity... this can
    be completely removed from here! We can link the masterclass in the
    Dashboard/launchpad though and link it to omegalong... masterclass landing page.

 Notification Analysis - You decide

 Notification history - you decide

 Onboarding wizard - go away. WE have no idea what this is for.

 Peptide Cheat sheet: Lets mention this in the dashboard/Lauchpad and make a comment
    to visit "Omega Longevity Elite" for the most up to date cheat sheet. However, i need the
    data here exported in a image file (what it looks like currently as the end
    product/webpage... so we can replicate it to the Omega Elite)

 PROGRAMS - This was a attempt to scale... but this has only added MORE confusion.
    This links to the protocol building. And, its never really used. I think its all pointless both
    here and in the protocol building... please evaluate to make sure its not needed and get rid
    of it in both places. EVERY protocol is so customized its hard to fit like this.

 Protocol Items - Definately KEEP

 Site Settings - There is some things here that look necessary and some things that may
    not be... i would like for you to review this and decide what NEEDS to stay. Lets keep i
    simple.

 Team - I dont like how it lists all the clients under "team" thats a security risk so we
    could accidentally mark a client as an admim. We are also not utilizing roles and we need
    roles.

 Team Email Preferences - You decide.

 Templates - the idea is great, but honestly i have only ever used the Master Template. But
    I think its necessary to keep the ability to add future templates as we grow. For example
    if we do a discounted plan for cheap for friends and family maybe we would make a
    future template for those kind of people. But for now, we dont use ANY of them except
    master template.
     Workflow template - this is part of Shannons role as pre-consult and Lisa's role as client
         project mgmt... and it has WAY to much detail and needs to be SUPER simplified I
         would say this is one that we need to collaborate on and perfect. This is going to impact
         lisa and Shannon alot. But the actual section workflow template, probably needs to stay.

DAILY TOOLS

     We dont use these. Im sure they are valuable in some ways, but we dont know. We dont
         use them. And i think the upgrades for Lisa and Shannon will replace thes.

Marketing & Outreach

     Our new affiliate partner page is on www.omegalongevity.com/resources and we only
         want them in one place so this can go. JUST MAKE SURE THIS IS NOT IN ANY
         WAY ASSOCIATED WITH BUILDING PROTOCOLS CAUSE THE MASTER
         TEMPLATE DIRECTS PEOPLE TO SOME OF THESE AFFILIATES BUT I AM 99%
         SURE THAT IS THROUGH A DIFFERENT WAY. IN WHICH CASE, THIS
         SHOULD GO AWAY.

     Web Traffic - This is actually super cool. Can be moved to Teams & Settings.

Payments & Finance

     Job Health - you decide
     Payment history - KEEP IF IT IS WORKING this is super nice to see the trends. I can

         already tell Payment Mode doesn't work. But I bet the total revenue was kind of accurate

KPI Dashboard

     I think this is cool IF it is reconciling Shan, Lisa, etc. all in one place. Otherwise its
         probably redundant AFTER you have built out each individuals dashboards

HOME - This page is dumb. Its just the launchpad

ALEX COMMUNICATION / MARKETING/GHL on OUR SIDE - email Vee and she will
liaison between you and Alex to make sure things are done timely.
